{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Computer Music:\
\
	Computer Music is a music player and album that creates its tracks with user input and machine learning interaction. Streamlined and simplified machine learning software takes initial user input to begin a track. User interaction will build and develop aspects of the song with every Replay. Designed only with fundamental learning procedures and some simple timing frameworks for songwriting (that could be learned differently later on with use), the music is created with user guidance only, keeping outside influences and biases minimal. \
	The intention of this is to unhinge western musical conventions and artificial intelligence conventions from music making and AI interaction. New types of objective music can be created in a class of their own. Harmonic, rhythmic, structural, and stylistic musical possibilities can be explored with the use of this player. The potential of this human-machine interface ranges from emulating existing musical conventions to creating and inspiring new musical compositions and styles. Relying only on user input as content, an interesting musical reflection of the user can be generated.\
	This project uses non-invasive AI: software that would not learn anything about users unless directly given the information, diverging from corporate tendencies to secretly monitor users and profit off of information gathered. Moving away from these opaque software agreements and proprietary software, Computer Music\'92s source code will be accessible. }